>> Jimmy: ARE YOU HAPPY IN A
WAY, ARE YOU GLAD THAT THERE ARE
TERM LIMITS?
THAT YOU'RE NOT BEING
PRESSURED --
>> YES -- WELL, NOT -- YOU KNOW,
GEORGE WASHINGTON IS ONE OF OUR
GREATEST PRESIDENTS.
NOT JUST BECAUSE HE HELPED TO
LEAD THE REVOLUTION, BUT BECAUSE
HE HAD THE WISDOM AFTER TWO
TERMS -- AT THE TIME THERE WAS
NO CONSTITUTIONAL PROHIBITION ON
HIM CONTINUING, AND HE WAS BEING
PRESSURED BY A LOT OF FOLKS TO
SAY, YOU'RE THE ONLY PERSON WHO
CAN HOLD THIS TOGETHER.
AND HE HAD THE WISDOM TO STEP
BACK AND SAY, I DO NOT WANT TO
SET A PRECEDENT WHERE I AM
PRESIDENT FOR LIFE.
NOW PERSONALLY FOR ME, IF I WERE
ABLE TO RUN FOR A THIRD TERM,
MICHELLE WOULD DIVORCE ME.
[ LAUGHTER ]
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
SO IT'S USEFUL THAT I DON'T HAVE
THAT CHOICE TO MAKE.
>> Jimmy: I KNOW YOU HAVE TO
LEAVE BUT CAN WE KEEP HER FOR
ANOTHER FOUR YEARS?
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> SHE IS SPECTACULAR.
BUT I WAS TELLING SOMEBODY
BACKSTAGE, MICHELLE WAS NEVER
WILD ABOUT POLITICS.
MICHELLE ONCE EXPLAINED TO ME, I
TRY TO ORGANIZE MY LIFE NOT TO
HAVE A LOT OF MESS AROUND.
AND POLITICS IS JUST A BIG MESS.
>> Jimmy: YEAH.
>> SHE SAID -- I STILL REMEMBER,
WHEN I WAS THINKING ABOUT
RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT, SHE SAID,
YOU KNOW, I THINK YOU WOULD MAKE
AN OUTSTANDING PRESIDENT -- AND
I WOULD WORK SO HARD TO MAKE
SURE YOU WERE PRESIDENT, YOU'RE
THE KIND OF PERSON WE NEED, IF I
WEREN'T MARRIED TO YOU.
[ LAUGHTER ]
SO SHE IS NOT SORRY.
>> Jimmy: THEY ARE LOOKING
FORWARD, ALL THE WOMEN IN YOUR
LIFE ARE LOOKING FORWARD --
>> ALL THE WOMEN IN MY LIFE ARE
LOOKING FORWARD TO BEING ABLE TO
LIVE A MORE NORMAL LIFE.
>> Jimmy: YEAH.
BUT STILL NOT ENTIRELY NORMAL.
OBVIOUSLY EVERYBODY'S UNDER THE
MICROSCOPE AT ALL TIMES.
>> A LITTLE BIT MORE.
>> Jimmy: YOU'RE STAYING IN
WASHINGTON, D.C., WHICH IS
UNUSUAL FOR AN EXITING
PRESIDENT.
>> I'M LIKE THE OLD GUY AT THE
BAR WHERE YOU WENT TO HIGH
SCHOOL.
>> Jimmy: EXACTLY.
>> JUST HANGING AROUND.
IT'S LIKE SHIRT'S BEEN ON TOO
LONG, STILL THINKS HE'S COOL.
>> Jimmy: THAT'S ONE OF YOUR
FRIENDS YOU'RE GOING TO BE
HANGING OUT WITH.
>> EXACTLY RIGHT, ME AND THAT
GUY AT THE CAPITOL HILL BAR.
WHEN'S THAT GUY LEAVING?
>> Jimmy: THAT GUY'S NEVER
LEAVING.
>> SASHA IS A SOPHOMORE.
SHE'S DOING GREAT IN THE SCHOOL
SHE CURRENTLY ATTENDS.
OUR ATTITUDE IS THAT IF YOU HAVE
A TEENAGER AND YOU REALLY WANT
TO MAKE SURE THEY NEVER TALK TO
YOU AGAIN, THEN PULL THEM OUT OF
HIGH SCHOOL RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE
OF SOPHOMORE YEAR.
>> Jimmy: YOU'RE RIGHT.
>> SO LOOK, THEY'VE MADE SO MANY
SACRIFICES.
>> THEY HAVE, YEAH.